updating scim doc for tix HCPIDN-1159 (#3128)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/hcp-docs/content/docs/hcp/iam/scim/concepts.mdx

- SSO users: Existing users who access HCP through SSO become managed by the identity provider.  
- Non-SSO users: Existing users who access HCP using non-SSO credentials remain manually managed users and are not managed by the identity provider. 

> - Groups:  HCP groups that have the same name as a group managed by the identity provider are not deleted and recreated. They retain the existing HCP/TFC team object ID, and the associated team token remains valid.

Reviewer: I would like to get @neatchu's input as well but this is probably would I would suggest:

```suggestion
- Groups: HCP groups that have the same name as a group managed by the identity provider are updated in place by the identity provider group. The group retains the existing HCP/TFC team object ID, and the associated team token remains valid. The identity provider begins managing the group's lifecycle and updates all existing HCP group members with the members from your identity provider group.
```

Reviewer 2: Looks great to me Ben
